Contributing to Glass Dashboard

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Glass Dashboard! Every
contribution matters — whether it's fixing a bug, improving the UI, or
suggesting a new feature.


How to Contribute

1. Fork and Clone

   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/Ex-tension_for_chrome.git
   cd Ex-tension_for_chrome

2. Create a Branch

   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name

   Use a descriptive branch name, for example:
     - feature/add-pomodoro-sounds
     - fix/light-mode-search-bar
     - docs/update-readme

3. Make Your Changes

   Keep changes focused — one feature or fix per pull request.
   Follow the existing code style (vanilla HTML, CSS, JS — no frameworks).

   Test your changes by loading the extension in Chrome:
     a. Go to chrome://extensions/
     b. Enable Developer Mode (top-right toggle)
     c. Click "Load unpacked" and select the project folder
     d. Open a new tab to verify your changes

4. Commit with a Clear Message

   git commit -m "feat: add notification sound to focus timer"

   Follow Conventional Commits format:
     feat:      New feature
     fix:       Bug fix
     docs:      Documentation changes
     style:     CSS / formatting (no logic changes)
     refactor:  Code restructuring

5. Push and Open a Pull Request

   git push origin feature/your-feature-name

   Then open a PR on GitHub with:
     - A clear title describing the change
     - Screenshots if it is a visual change
     - A link to the related issue (if any)


Ideas for Contributions

   UI          New themes, animations, glassmorphism effects
   Widgets     Pomodoro sounds, habit tracker, notes widget
   i18n        Translate to other languages
   A11y        Improve keyboard navigation and screen reader support
   Responsive  Better tablet and small screen layouts
   Bugs        Check the Issues tab on GitHub


Please Don't

   - Add heavy frameworks (React, Vue, Tailwind) — this project
     intentionally uses vanilla HTML/CSS/JS
   - Make large, sweeping changes without opening an issue first
   - Submit auto-generated or AI-only PRs without reviewing them


Code of Conduct

Be respectful and constructive. We are all here to learn and build
cool things.


License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed
under the same MIT License that covers this project. See the LICENSE
file for details.
